Updates chapters on Modules (#400)
amzn/ion-docs: _books/ion-1-1/src/modules/local_modules.md

# Local modules

Local modules are lexically scoped.
They can be defined at the top level of a stream.

> They can be referenced immediately following their definition, up until the end of the stream.

Reviewer: Maybe this should be slightly more precise about what "following their definition". E.g. "the directive in which they are defined"

Author: ```suggestion
They can be referenced immediately following the directive in which they are defined, up until the end of the stream.
```
